README.md, before:

# Portfolio
This is a sample of some of the class-related and independent work I've done related to Computer Science, as well as a copy of my resume.

**Some personal information has been removed from my resume.**

![](https://i.imgur.com/W0PplEg.gif)

This is Age of Clicking, an incremental game written in Angular 6, using the Phaser graphics library. It's loosely based around RTS games like Age of Empires with elements of tower defense. In the image above, you can see the player's units automatically harvesting and collecting resources for the player.

You can check out the most recent in-development build [here](http://ratheronfire.github.io/testing), or browse the source code [here](https://github.com/Ratheronfire/AgeOfClicking).

-----

![](https://i.imgur.com/dNurzlv.gif)

This is a recording of a Unity game about a week or so into development (as of when the recording was made).  It's a simple game about swinging around, with a semi-realistic simulation of elastic physics.  You can see a sample of the script controlling the player character in the Player.cs.

-----

![](http://i.imgur.com/O2ZdmJ0.jpg)

[You can see one of my older games, Shop 'Till They Drop, here.](http://gamejolt.com/games/shop-till-they-drop/61696)  This game was my first major Unity project, with about a year or so of semi-active development behind it.  The build of the game I've uploaded here is a bit old, but I have a video and some pictures showing what the game looks like now on the page.
I've included the script for the generic weapon type as Weapon.cs, if you want to get a sense for how that game operates.

-----

![](http://i.imgur.com/bllOlNO.png)

This was a group project I was assigned in an elective on low-level computer and circuit design.  It was made using a Java applet developed by the professor to emulate an x86 machine.  We mainly used the Datapath Builder feature, which allowed us to map out circuits in a GUI rather than by hand.  The assignment was to create a CPU complete with an instruction set, and design it to run a sample C method, converted into our machine language.  You can see our write-up for the project in Processor-Design.odt.

-----

In /Networks-Proj-3, you can find a project from my computer networks class.  It's designed to simulate sending a file across a network by breaking it into 8-bit chunks, packaging it with an HTTP header, and then extracting the data.  I was also required to simulate packet loss and corrupted data, so the program is designed to use ACK signals and checksums to verify the data has been received and that it has not been altered.

-----

## Miscellaneous Unity Projects

![](https://i.imgur.com/SlybF19.gif)

![](https://i.imgur.com/mGUiB5z.png)

Commit message:

Added info on the Unity version of Age of Clicking.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio
This is a sample of some of the class-related and independent work I've done related to Computer Science, as well as a copy of my resume.

**Some personal information has been removed from my resume.**

![](https://i.imgur.com/NECBaw2.gif)

This is Age of Clicking, a game I'm developing in Unity. It's loosely based around RTS games like Age of Empires with elements of tower defense and incremental games. In the image above, you can see the player's units automatically harvesting and collecting resources for the player.

You can check out the most recent in-development build [here](http://ratheronfire.github.io).

![](https://i.imgur.com/W0PplEg.gif)

This is a much older version of Age of Clicking, written in Angular 6, using the Phaser graphics library. I initially started this project as a means of learning Angular and various aspects of web development, and since then I've branched out and rewritten the game in a more robust library. However, considering the amount of time I spent working on the Angular version I decided it would be useful to demonstrate my work on that project as well. You can browse the source code for this project [here](https://github.com/Ratheronfire/AgeOfClicking).

-----

![](https://i.imgur.com/dNurzlv.gif)

This is a recording of a Unity game about a week or so into development (as of when the recording was made).  It's a simple game about swinging around, with a semi-realistic simulation of elastic physics.  You can see a sample of the script controlling the player character in the Player.cs.

-----

![](http://i.imgur.com/O2ZdmJ0.jpg)

[You can see one of my older games, Shop 'Till They Drop, here.](http://gamejolt.com/games/shop-till-they-drop/61696)  This game was my first major Unity project, with about a year or so of semi-active development behind it.  The build of the game I've uploaded here is a bit old, but I have a video and some pictures showing what the game looks like now on the page.
I've included the script for the generic weapon type as Weapon.cs, if you want to get a sense for how that game operates.

-----

![](http://i.imgur.com/bllOlNO.png)

This was a group project I was assigned in an elective on low-level computer and circuit design.  It was made using a Java applet developed by the professor to emulate an x86 machine.  We mainly used the Datapath Builder feature, which allowed us to map out circuits in a GUI rather than by hand.  The assignment was to create a CPU complete with an instruction set, and design it to run a sample C method, converted into our machine language.  You can see our write-up for the project in Processor-Design.odt.

-----

In /Networks-Proj-3, you can find a project from my computer networks class.  It's designed to simulate sending a file across a network by breaking it into 8-bit chunks, packaging it with an HTTP header, and then extracting the data.  I was also required to simulate packet loss and corrupted data, so the program is designed to use ACK signals and checksums to verify the data has been received and that it has not been altered.

-----

## Miscellaneous Unity Projects

![](https://i.imgur.com/SlybF19.gif)

![](https://i.imgur.com/mGUiB5z.png)
